What are you doing?
Hurry, this dress has a string end that helps you cut it.
High-end dress
How can there be excess wire?
This gift.
If you make a little defect
I want your life.
Oh, so do you see what's wrong with this dress?
No problem.
If there is no problem, please send it to me quickly.
Don't delay my time.
Certainly moves as beautifully as a tiger.
The result is more rational.
Just wait for your order to sign the contract and see if it works.
Shameless is a prepaid dress
This hand feeling is not the same.
With it, tomorrow orders worth hundreds of billions of dong will be available
I can definitely experience the whole school.
No, I have to go.
If the real boss of this store comes
But it's about to be exposed.
Living room. Let's go.
Hey hey.
This dress has already been taken.
You don't try it on to see if it fits, in this case.